= DESCRIPTION:

This cookbook will deploy node and npm (node package manager) to your system. It also defines providers to install/uninstall node module and start/stop/restart node servers.

* homepage : https://github.com/digitalbutter/cookbook-node

= REQUIREMENTS:

* a working git framework (for example provided by Opscode git cookbook)

Tested on ubuntu. Should work on other system with upstart.

= ATTRIBUTES:

* node/version : indicates which version to install. Default is the latest ('HEAD'). Since node evolves very quickly and is not always that stable, you might want to set it to a stable version (for example 'v0.4.3')

= USAGE:

Include the node recipe to download, compile and install node along with npm.

== defines:

+node_server+ provider to start/stop server. The following example will start a provided script with node. Logs can be found in /var/log/node-my_node_server.log.

    node_server "my_node_server" do
        script "/path/to/your/node/script.js" # mandatory
        user "my_user" # default : root
        dependency ["required","node","modules"] # default []. Will be installed with npm before starting the server
        args "arguments for your script" # default ""
        action :start # Will start a node server. In [stop,start,restart]
    end

+node_npm+ provider to manage nodejs modules. The following example will install the connect module for node.

    node_npm "connect" do
        action :install
    end

= LICENSE & AUTHOR:

Author::
* Emmanuel Prochasson (<emmanuel@tikibooth.com>)
* Ed Bosher (<edbo@tikibooth.com>)

Contributor:
* Jon Wood (<jon@blankpad.net>)

Copyright:: 2011, Tikibooth Limited

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
